Hello, Betty. What's up?
I want to join an internet group to discuss great books by great writers.
So, who are your great writers?
Well, maybe Confucius and Shakespeare.
Really? I accept that their greats because their works are still read by many people today,
but I think I'd describe Confucius more as a teacher and thinker than a writer.
He was a very wise man.
What do you have to do for the discussion?
Well, each of us reads a favourite book and writes a review for the discussion.
I see. We're still influenced by Confucius' ideas,
and Shakespeare's plays also make a lot of sense to us today.
People have always read and will always read great books.
By the way, what do you think of Mark Twain, the great American writer in the 19th century?
He was important, but I suppose he isn't as well known as Confucius or Shakespeare.
No, but his books are still popular, and one of his books is my favourite, the adventures of Tom Sawyer.
Great. Why don't you join in the discussion and tell us about it?